Finance minister: China's government debt risk controllable


Finance minister: China's government debt risk controllable
(People's Daily Online)    13:43, March 07, 2017
Finance minister: China's government debt risk controllable

The government debt risk in China is generally controllable, and the current debt ratio of the government is not high, according to Xiao Jie, China's minister of finance. Xiao made the remarks at a press conference during the ongoing Two Sessions on March 7.

At the end of 2016, Xiao explained, the debt balance of China's central and local governments stood at about 27.33 trillion RMB, and the debt ratio was approximately 36.7 percent. The Ministry of Finance has forecast that the debt ratio will not see a big change before the end of 2017. Compared with international levels, there is still room for the Chinese government to borrow, the minister stated.

Xiao noted that the Ministry of Finance has established a series of measures and even contingency plans to counter local government debt risk.

Chinese warships return home after high sea drill
(Xinhua)    20:29, March 07, 2017

A Chinese naval fleet on Tuesday returned to a port in Sanya city on Hainan Island after a high sea drill.

The fleet, which is comprised of missile destroyers Changsha and Haikou and supply ship Luomahu, had sailed over 8,000 nautical miles since Feb. 10, passing the South China Sea, East Indian Ocean, West Pacific and East China Sea.

In 25 days, the fleet passed through Karimata Strait, Xunda Strait, Lombok Strait, Makassar Strait and other important waterways.

During the high sea drill the fleet carried out regional joint air defense, oceanic supply, anti-terrorist and anti-pirate drills, as well as actual combat drills between warships and helicopters, strengthening the fleet's capacity to conduct multiple military operations.

"The drill focused on air defense, anti-missile and open sea interception and we have gained experience for multiple military operations," said Yu Manjiang, commander of the fleet and deputy commander of the Nanhai Fleet.
